24_0912: Scoping a Game

1) Basic Settings: Something I know how to do

- 30 min: making long cityscape images
- 20 min: making 3 different sprite images (default, hit once(smacked), hit twice(totally smacked)
- 20 min: making Game over screen
- 20 min: setting rigid body, gravity, etc. to player sprite
- 30 min: making obstacles by long cityscape images


2) Movements: Something I (probably) know how to do

- 20 min: moving cityscape Gameobject to right
- 15 min: testing the speed of cityscape GameObject movements, adjusting
- 30 min: making player sprite move by pressing arrow keys on the keyboard
- 20 min: Respawning new citysape images forever
- 30 min: Respawning sprite image to the center if it almost left the screen
- 20 min: Game Over screen 


3) Something I need to learn (via youtube or unity documentations)
- Changing sprite image if it's hit on the cityscape image



<Priority>
Basic Setup: Preparing obstacle and player images.
Creating and set the panoramic image (obstacle) as a sprite.
Preparing three player object images (default, hit once, hit twice).
Assigning necessary components (e.g., Rigidbody2D) to obstacle and player objects.


24_0912

5:00pm
current task: creating images that I need - drawing sprite, long panoramatic cityscapes
    Draw simple, 3 different circular sprite images: default/a bit smashed/totally smashed)
    Using my tablet, digital drawing software: clip studio
    



24_0914 18:00

Current Task: Writing the Player Movement Script
Implemented movement for the player using UpArrow, DownArrow, LeftArrow, and RightArrow keys.
Adjusted Rigidbody2D settings, including gravity.


24_0915 21:00

Current Task: Writing the Obstacle Spawner Script
Created the BuildingSpawner script to spawn obstacles at regular intervals.
Watched a Korean unity Youtuber's video related to calculated respawn(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbmREczH14Q)
Leared something from the video and calculated sprite heights and adjusted their spawn positions but not 100% sure whether it really helps for the respawn
Linked the panoramic Cityscape image prefab in the script.


24_0916 18:30

Current Task: Writing the Long Buildings(Obstacle) Movement Script
Developed the BuildingMovement script to move obstacles from left to right.
Added logic to destroy obstacles when they move off-screen.

24_0916 19:00

Current Task: Implementing Collision Logic
Updated PlayerScript to handle collision detection with obstacles.
Changed the player sprite based on the number of collisions.
Added a simple game-over condition after three collisions but I guess I need to fix it


24_0917 20:00

Current Task: Game Manager Implementation
Still working on the GameManagerScript to manage the game state, including score tracking but seems to be quite akward
Adding logic to increase score when the player successfully passes an obstacle but seems to be unsuccessful


24_0918 20:00
Current Task: Preparing the necessary files for submission: Even if I make adjustments later, I need to get things ready in advance since there's a deadline
Struggling with DeepL translator to translate all the comments and notes that I wrote: Kor ->Eng
translated results seems to be a bit rigid


24_0919 13:00

current task: learnig how to make animations but found it hard to make it through the exit state or something
Minor bug fixing: having trouble with tags
Wanna make animations in my game but just thinking about the methods and something related to that kinda stuff
Thinking of combining animation in my first prototype: so there there would be ver.1(non-animation) and ver.2(animation applied) to my Cityscape game
Minor bug fixing again: having trouble with score counting so I might wanna check some Unity youtubers again


24_0921 20:00
current task:fixing some bug related to score increasing
    Problem(solved): I was supposed to attach the newer version of the UI(score text) after making some adjustments(layer... code.. etc.) on that
                       ...but I didnt cuz I thought the adjustments would be automatically applied to the older version of ScoreText